////////////////////////////////////////
// Splashes & Terrain Definitions //////
////////////////////////////////////////

splash UTNT_Water
{
	smallclass		UTNT_WaterSplash
	smallclip		8
	smallsound		world/drip
	baseclass		UTNT_WaterSplash
	chunkclass		UTNT_WaterSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	9
	chunkyvelshift	9
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	noalert
}

terrain UTNT_Water
{
	splash	UTNT_Water
	liquid
}

splash UTNT_Blood
{
	smallclass		UTNT_BloodSplash
	smallclip		8
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall
	baseclass		UTNT_BloodSplash
	chunkclass		UTNT_BloodSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	9
	chunkyvelshift	9
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}

terrain UTNT_Blood
{
	splash	UTNT_Blood
	liquid
}

splash UTNT_Lava
{
	smallclass		UTNT_LavaSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle
	baseclass		UTNT_LavaSplash
	chunkclass		UTNT_LavaSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain UTNT_Lava
{
	splash	UTNT_Lava
	liquid
}

splash UTNT_Slime
{
	smallclass		UTNT_SlimeSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop
	baseclass		UTNT_SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		UTNT_SlimeSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}

terrain UTNT_Slime
{
	splash	UTNT_Slime
	liquid
}

splash UTNT_Nukage
{
	smallclass		UTNT_NukageSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle
	baseclass		UTNT_NukageSplash
	chunkclass		UTNT_NukageSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	9
	chunkyvelshift	9
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain UTNT_Nukage
{
	splash	UTNT_Nukage
	liquid
}

splash UTNT_Sizzle
{
	smallclass		UTNT_LavaSmoke
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle
	baseclass		UTNT_LavaSmoke
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain UTNT_Sizzle
{
	splash	UTNT_Sizzle
}

floor BLOOD1 UTNT_Blood
floor BLOOD2 UTNT_Blood
floor BLOOD3 UTNT_Blood
floor FWATER1 UTNT_Water
floor FWATER2 UTNT_Water
floor FWATER3 UTNT_Water
floor FWATER4 UTNT_Water
floor LAVA1 UTNT_Lava
floor LAVA2 UTNT_Lava
floor LAVA3 UTNT_Lava
floor LAVA4 UTNT_Lava
floor NUKAGE1 UTNT_Nukage
floor NUKAGE2 UTNT_Nukage
floor NUKAGE3 UTNT_Nukage
floor QFWAT UTNT_Water
floor QLAVA UTNT_Lava
floor QLAVA2 UTNT_Lava
floor QSLIME1 UTNT_Slime
floor QSLIME2 UTNT_Slime
floor QWATER1 UTNT_Water
floor QWATER2 UTNT_Slime
floor QWATER3 UTNT_Slime
floor QWATER3A UTNT_Lava
floor QWATERT6 UTNT_Blood
floor RROCK05 UTNT_Lava
floor RROCK06 UTNT_Lava
floor RROCK07 UTNT_Lava
floor RROCK08 UTNT_Lava
floor SLIME01 UTNT_Sizzle
floor SLIME02 UTNT_Sizzle
floor SLIME03 UTNT_Sizzle
floor SLIME04 UTNT_Sizzle
floor SLIME05 UTNT_Lava
floor SLIME05B UTNT_Lava
floor SLIME06 UTNT_Lava
floor SLIME07 UTNT_Lava
floor SLIME08 UTNT_Lava
floor SLIME09 UTNT_Lava
floor SLIME10 UTNT_Lava
floor SLIME11 UTNT_Lava
floor SLIME12 UTNT_Lava
