////////////////////////////////////////
// Splashes & Terrain Definitions //////
////////////////////////////////////////

splash TCOTD_Water
{
	smallclass		TCOTD_WaterSplash
	smallclip		8
	smallsound		world/drip
	baseclass		TCOTD_WaterSplash
	chunkclass		TCOTD_WaterSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	9
	chunkyvelshift	9
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	noalert
}

terrain TCOTD_Water
{
	splash	TCOTD_Water
	liquid
}

splash TCOTD_Blood
{
	smallclass		TCOTD_BloodSplash
	smallclip		8
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall
	baseclass		TCOTD_BloodSplash
	chunkclass		TCOTD_BloodSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	9
	chunkyvelshift	9
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}

terrain TCOTD_Blood
{
	splash	TCOTD_Blood
	liquid
}

splash TCOTD_Lava
{
	smallclass		TCOTD_LavaSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle
	baseclass		TCOTD_LavaSplash
	chunkclass		TCOTD_LavaSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain TCOTD_Lava
{
	splash	TCOTD_Lava
	liquid
}

splash TCOTD_Slime
{
	smallclass		TCOTD_SlimeSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop
	baseclass		TCOTD_SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		TCOTD_SlimeSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}

terrain TCOTD_Slime
{
	splash	TCOTD_Slime
	liquid
}

splash TCOTD_Nukage
{
	smallclass		TCOTD_NukageSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle
	baseclass		TCOTD_NukageSplash
	chunkclass		TCOTD_NukageSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	9
	chunkyvelshift	9
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain TCOTD_Nukage
{
	splash	TCOTD_Nukage
	liquid
}

splash TCOTD_Sizzle
{
	smallclass		TCOTD_LavaSmoke
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle
	baseclass		TCOTD_LavaSmoke
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain TCOTD_Sizzle
{
	splash	TCOTD_Sizzle
}

//Defs - longnamed tx not included!
floor BLOOD1 	TCOTD_Blood
floor BLOOD2 	TCOTD_Blood
floor BLOOD3 	TCOTD_Blood
floor DBRAIN1 	TCOTD_Lava
floor DBRAIN2 	TCOTD_Lava
floor DBRAIN3 	TCOTD_Lava
floor DBRAIN4 	TCOTD_Lava
floor FWATER1 	TCOTD_Water
floor FWATER2 	TCOTD_Water
floor FWATER3 	TCOTD_Water
floor FWATER4 	TCOTD_Water
floor LAVA1 	TCOTD_Lava
floor LAVA2 	TCOTD_Lava
floor LAVA3 	TCOTD_Lava
floor LAVA4 	TCOTD_Lava
floor NUKAGE1 	TCOTD_Nukage
floor NUKAGE2 	TCOTD_Nukage
floor NUKAGE3 	TCOTD_Nukage
floor SLIME01 	TCOTD_Slime
floor SLIME02 	TCOTD_Slime
floor SLIME03 	TCOTD_Slime
floor SLIME04 	TCOTD_Slime
floor SLIME05 	TCOTD_Slime
floor SLIME06 	TCOTD_Slime
floor SLIME07 	TCOTD_Slime
floor SLIME08 	TCOTD_Slime

floor ABLOOD01 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ABLOOD03 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ABLOOD09 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ALAV01 	TCOTD_Lava
floor ALAV0W 	TCOTD_Lava
floor ANUK01 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ANUK02 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ANUK03 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ANUK04 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ANUK05 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ANUK06 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ANUK0W 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ANUKE07 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ASLIM01 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ASLIM02 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ASLIM03 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ASLIM04 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ASLIM05 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ASLIM06 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ASLIM07 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ASLIM0W 	TCOTD_Slime
floor ASLMR01 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ASLMR02 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ASLMR03 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ASLMR04 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ASLMR05 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ASLMR06 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ASLMR07 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ASLMR08 	TCOTD_Blood
floor ASLMR0W 	TCOTD_Blood
floor AWATER01 	TCOTD_Water
floor AWATER02 	TCOTD_Water
floor AWATER03 	TCOTD_Water
floor AWATER04 	TCOTD_Water
floor AWATER05 	TCOTD_Water
floor AWATER06 	TCOTD_Water
floor AWATER07 	TCOTD_Water
floor AWATER08 	TCOTD_Water
floor AWATER09 	TCOTD_Water
floor AWATER10 	TCOTD_Water