////////////////////////////////////////
// Splashes & Terrain Definitions //////
////////////////////////////////////////

splash ZPack_Water
{
	smallclass		ZPack_WaterSplash
	smallclip		8
	smallsound		world/drip
	baseclass		ZPack_WaterSplash
	chunkclass		ZPack_WaterSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	9
	chunkyvelshift	9
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	noalert
}

terrain ZPack_Water
{
	splash	ZPack_Water
	liquid
}

splash ZPack_Blood
{
	smallclass		ZPack_BloodSplash
	smallclip		8
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall
	baseclass		ZPack_BloodSplash
	chunkclass		ZPack_BloodSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	9
	chunkyvelshift	9
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}

terrain ZPack_Blood
{
	splash	ZPack_Blood
	liquid
}

splash ZPack_Lava
{
	smallclass		ZPack_LavaSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle
	baseclass		ZPack_LavaSplash
	chunkclass		ZPack_LavaSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain ZPack_Lava
{
	splash	ZPack_Lava
	liquid
}

splash ZPack_Slime
{
	smallclass		ZPack_SlimeSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop
	baseclass		ZPack_SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		ZPack_SlimeSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}

terrain ZPack_Slime
{
	splash	ZPack_Slime
	liquid
}

splash ZPack_Nukage
{
	smallclass		ZPack_NukageSplash
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle
	baseclass		ZPack_NukageSplash
	chunkclass		ZPack_NukageSplash_Chunk
	chunkxvelshift	9
	chunkyvelshift	9
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain ZPack_Nukage
{
	splash	ZPack_Nukage
	liquid
}

splash ZPack_Sizzle
{
	smallclass		ZPack_LavaSmoke
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle
	baseclass		ZPack_LavaSmoke
	chunkclass		none
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

terrain ZPack_Sizzle
{
	splash	ZPack_Sizzle
}

//Defs - longnamed tx not included!
floor BLOOD1 	ZPack_Blood
floor BLOOD2 	ZPack_Blood
floor BLOOD3 	ZPack_Blood
floor DBRAIN1 	ZPack_Lava
floor DBRAIN2 	ZPack_Lava
floor DBRAIN3 	ZPack_Lava
floor DBRAIN4 	ZPack_Lava
floor FWATER1 	ZPack_Water
floor FWATER2 	ZPack_Water
floor FWATER3 	ZPack_Water
floor FWATER4 	ZPack_Water
floor LAVA1 	ZPack_Lava
floor LAVA2 	ZPack_Lava
floor LAVA3 	ZPack_Lava
floor LAVA4 	ZPack_Lava
floor NUKAGE1 	ZPack_Nukage
floor NUKAGE2 	ZPack_Nukage
floor NUKAGE3 	ZPack_Nukage
floor SLIME01 	ZPack_Slime
floor SLIME02 	ZPack_Slime
floor SLIME03 	ZPack_Slime
floor SLIME04 	ZPack_Slime
floor SLIME05 	ZPack_Slime
floor SLIME06 	ZPack_Slime
floor SLIME07 	ZPack_Slime
floor SLIME08 	ZPack_Slime

floor 77LAVST1	ZPack_Lava
floor 77LAVST2	ZPack_Lava
floor 77LAVST3	ZPack_Lava
floor 77LAVST4	ZPack_Lava
floor EBUBBLY0	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY1	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY1	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY2	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY2	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY3	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY3	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY4	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY5	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY6	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY7	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY8	ZPack_Slime
floor EBUBBLY9	ZPack_Slime
floor EMAGMAA	ZPack_Lava
floor EMAGMAB	ZPack_Lava
floor EMAGMAC	ZPack_Lava
floor EMAGMAD	ZPack_Lava
floor EWARPBLU	ZPack_Water
floor EWARPBRN	ZPack_Slime
floor EWARPGRN	ZPack_Nukage
floor EWARPGRY	ZPack_Slime
floor EWARPMOS	ZPack_Nukage
floor EWARPRED	ZPack_Blood
floor EWARPYEL	ZPack_Lava
floor LAVA_A01 	ZPack_Lava
floor LAVA_A02 	ZPack_Lava
floor RROCK05	ZPack_Lava
floor RROCK06	ZPack_Lava
floor RROCK07	ZPack_Lava
floor RROCK08	ZPack_Lava
floor T6_LAV1	ZPack_Lava
floor VADBLOD1 	ZPack_Blood
floor WBLOOD 	ZPack_Blood
floor WBRNSLM1 	ZPack_Slime
floor WLAVA 	ZPack_Lava
floor WSLIME1 	ZPack_Nukage
floor WSLIME2 	ZPack_Nukage
floor WSLIME3 	ZPack_Nukage
floor WWATER 	ZPack_Water